Translation (#311)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_omake.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6972c1>梨花</color>", NULL, "<color=#6972c1>Rika</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s20/05/440500208", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「でも、与えられるよりも与える立場になって、誰かの時間と世界をあたたかなものに変えることは、きっとそれ以上に素敵だと思うのですよ」",

> 			NULL, "\"But I believe that rather than being given, it is more wonderful to be in the position of giving to change someone's time and world into something blissful.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"But I believe that rather than being on the receiving end, it is more wonderful to be the one giving, to change someone else's time and world into something blissful.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(9, 41, "ps3/s20/41/vtz_otobe1005", 256, TRUE);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(10, 35, "ps3/s20/35/vtz_nagisa1018", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「またどこかでお会いしましょーうっ！！」",

> 			NULL, "\"Thank you so much!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"May we meet again!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(10, 7, "ps3/s20/07/x_sts_02", 256, TRUE);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(11, 5, "ps3/s20/05/x_rik_02", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「またどこかでお会いしましょーうっ！！」",

> 			NULL, "\"Thank you so much!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"May we meet again!\"", Line_Normal);
```
